add MetaBinner (#881)
nf-core/mag: docs/output.md

All the files and contigs in these folders will be assessed by QUAST and BUSCO, if the parameter `--postbinning_input` is not set to `refined_bins_only`.

Note that COMEBin does not output what it considers 'unbinned' contigs, therefore no 'discarded' contigs are produced here. You may still need to do your own manual curation of the resulting bins.

### MetaBinner

[MetaBinner](https://github.com/ziyewang/MetaBinner) is described as a high-performance and stand-alone ensemble binning method to recover individual genomes from complex microbial communities.

<details markdown="1">
<summary>Output files</summary>

- `GenomeBinning/MetaBinner/`
  - `bins/[assembler]-[binner]-[sample/group].*.fa.gz`: Genome bins retrieved from input assembly.
  - `discarded/[assembler]-[binner]-[sample/group].tooShort.fa.gz`: Contigs that were not considered for binning because of length.
  - `unbinned/[assembler]-[binner]-[sample/group].tooShort.fa.gz`: Contigs that were not binned despite having suitable length.
  - `stats/[assembler]-[binner]-[sample/group].metabinner.log.gz`: Log file.
  - `stats/[assembler]-[binner]-[sample/group].tsv.gz`: TSV mapping the contigs to output clusters.

</details>

> All the files and contigs in these folders will be assessed by QUAST and BUSCO, if the parameter `--postbinning_input` is not set to `refined_bins_only`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the files and contigs in these folders will be assessed by QUAST and binning QC tools, if the parameter `--postbinning_input` is not set to `refined_bins_only`.
```
